# PRCO304-DWWebsite
Dog Walking Website (Official name TBC)
FYP Supervisor - Paul Watson

Recently new dog owners are exposed to a range of circumstances where some can be planned, others are unpredictable. To prepare for a new arrival it would be best to learn the basics, this consists of food, water, training and exercise. Information you can find quite easily across many resources, although the most troublesome is locating places to exercise a dog. 

With the knowledge limited to smaller local areas, the best way to find locations is usually through word of mouth between neighbours and fellow dog walkers that can be seen at the nearest park/field or via social media. By the time the owner gets home they could’ve forgotten what was said, or when trying to research they discover little information about the area, such as; facilities, parking, opening/closing times and even if the place is actually dog friendly. On another hand, already experienced dog owners/walker might not be able to find the right walk for their friend if say they’ve gone on holiday with them, visiting out of town family or moved somewhere new. 

With this problem, what I would like to do is create a website that allows all types of dog owners to research dog walking locations with ease. After doing research, there isn’t much available on the internet that provides this type of information other than the walks shown on the National Trust website, which only shows places owned by them.  

I believe this project will be important to do, firstly because it would aid the user to learn more about their local area, especially if it would be for new owners that don’t know their city/town as well as they believed and for those that have recently moved to a new location. Secondly, I would like the website to include data on recent occurrences of virus, bacteria and disease outbreaks that have been linked to the walks. Some of which like kennel cough and Alabama rot are air-borne or from wet/muddy environments, affecting multiple dogs with potential life-threatening illnesses. If my website would include this sort of information then it could prevent the risks of dogs being exposed. Another reason being that I’d like to include the distances of the walks, which could include the total walking time. By doing this it can benefit the owners to identify a walk they’d like to do if they have time constraints for example, or if they have a certain size dog that can only do a certain distance walk.
